Changelog for XRTpy version 0.5 (#258)
HinodeXRT/xrtpy: docs/changelog/0.5.0.rst

XRTpy v0.5.0 (2024-06-21)
=========================

New Features
------------
- New Example Notebook: Introduced a new example notebook titled "Hinode-XRT: A Practical Guide to Data Extraction and Visualization." This notebook provides a step-by-step guide on how to download, process, and visualize solar observation data from the Hinode X-Ray Telescope, making it accessible for research and analysis. (:pr:`210`)

Documentation Updates
---------------------

> - Contributing Information: Updated informational methods for contributing to xrtpy through different avenues such as reporting issues, submitting pull requests, or improving documentation. (:pr:`248`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contributing Information: Updated information for contributing to XRTpy through different avenues such as reporting issues, submitting pull requests, or improving documentation. (:pr:`248`)
```

Internal modifications and improvements
---------------------------------------

> - CCD Contamination Update: Updated the `xrt_contam_on_ccd.geny` file with new CCD contamination values. (:pr:`245`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CCD Contamination Update: Updated the :file:`xrt_contam_on_ccd.geny` file with new CCD contamination values. (:pr:`245`)
```

- Effective Area Testing Files Update: Updated IDL result - Effective Area testing files for the following years: 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024. (:pr:`218`)
- Temperature Response Testing Files Update: Updated IDL result - Temperature Response testing files for the following years: 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024. (:pr:`220`)

> - SunPy Maps Import Method: Modified import methods for SunPy maps in the XRTpy notebook to align with the way it's imported in other notebooks for consistency. (:pr:`237`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SunPy Maps Import Method: Modified import methods for SunPy `~sunpy.map.Map` objects in the XRTpy notebook for consistency with the way it is imported in other notebooks. (:pr:`237`)
```
Might not quite have the right path for `Map` here...

> - Complete Review of Function Documentation: Conducted a complete review of documentation for every function in the following XRTpy objects: Channel, Effective Area, and Temperature Response. (:pr:`253,250,249`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Complete Review of Function Documentation: Conducted a complete review of documentation for every function in the following XRTpy objects: `~xrtpy.response.channel.Channel`, Effective Area, and Temperature Response. (:pr:`253,250,249`)
```
Perhaps add links to these objects?

> - Complete Review of Function Documentation: Expanded documentation for every method in the following XRTpy objects: `~xrtpy.response.channel.Channel`, Effective Area, and Temperature Response. (:pr:`253,250,249`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Complete Review of Class Documentation: Expanded documentation for every method in the following XRTpy objects: `~xrtpy.response.channel.Channel`, Effective Area, and Temperature Response. (:pr:`253,250,249`)
```

> - Complete Review of Function Documentation: Conducted a complete review of documentation for every function in the following XRTpy objects: `~xrtpy.response.channel.Channel`, Effective Area, and Temperature Response. (:pr:`253,250,249`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Complete Review of Function Documentation: Expanded documentation for every method in the following XRTpy objects: `~xrtpy.response.channel.Channel`, Effective Area, and Temperature Response. (:pr:`253,250,249`)
```

XRTpy v0.5.0 (2024-06-21)
=========================

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecations and Removals
-------------------------
- Dropped support for Python 3.9. (:pr:`281`)

```

- Code of Conduct: Introduced a Code of Conduct for the XRTpy community, outlining expectations for respectful communication, diversity, inclusion, and enforcement guidelines. (:pr:`278`)

Internal modifications and improvements
---------------------------------------
- CCD Contamination Update: Updated the :file:`xrt_contam_on_ccd.geny` file with new CCD contamination values. (:pr:`#268`)
- Effective Area Testing Files Update: Updated IDL result - Effective Area testing files for the following years: 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024. (:pr:`218`)
- Temperature Response Testing Files Update: Updated IDL result - Temperature Response testing files for the following years: 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024. (:pr:`220`)
- SunPy Maps Import Method: Modified import methods for SunPy `~sunpy.map.Map` objects in the XRTpy notebook for consistency with the way it is imported in other notebooks. (:pr:`237`)
- Complete Review of Class Documentation: Expanded documentation for every method in the following XRTpy objects: `~xrtpy.response.channel.Channel`, `~xrtpy.response.EffectiveAreaFundamental`, and `~xrtpy.response.TemperatureResponseFundamental`. (:pr:`253,250,249`)

Miscellaneous
-------------

> - SunPy Installation Requirement: Added SunPy as an installation requirement for XRTpy. (:pr:`247`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- sunpy Installation Requirement: Added sunpy as an installation requirement for XRTpy. (:pr:`247`)
```
